That pair is really gone
Makai, don't believe him
He must be trying to divide his mother's property
I said that on purpose
Ah! What are you doing?
You bitch
Ouyang let us go
After all, your grandmother is also from our Bai family.
Even if we make mistakes
The lesson should be taught by the people of the Bai family
You are not suitable
Who says my daughter is not suitable?
Mr. Li, why are you here?
Your Bai family bullies my daughter
You're too embarrassed to ask me why I'm here
You bullied Yanyan twice
Yanyan is grateful for your kindness and has endured it
I didn't expect you to still be Madam Bai
It's better than tiger teeth
Whose daughter?
That's right, Yanyan is the flesh and blood of my Aunt Li's family
How could you do this?
How could he be a relative of the Lin family?
Dare to bully my sister
I see you are tired of living
This time you stay home
You must pay for your actions
Prodigal family, who will we live for when we leave home?
That's right, and our company
Yanyan is not only my daughter who left home
She is also the granddaughter admitted by Madam Bai herself
He is the only heir to the Bai family's inheritance
He is more qualified to stand here than you
Justice for the old lady